README.md, before:

# Grail UI

[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@grail-ui/svelte)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@grail-ui/svelte)
[![minified](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@grail-ui/svelte)](https://bundlephobia.com/package/@grail-ui/svelte)
[![minified + zipped](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@grail-ui/svelte)](https://bundlephobia.com/package/@grail-ui/svelte)

Grail UI offers a set of component primitives, actions and utilities that help you build accessible and high quality Svelte applications faster, while providing a great developer experience.
You can use it as the base of your design system and your component library, or adopt it incrementally inside your application.

## ✨Features

- Accessible
- Composable
- Unstyled
- Uncontrolled
- Tiny
- Tree shakeable
- Fully typed
- SSR Friendly
- Performant

## 🏆 Vision

This project has one primary goal:

**_Provide high-quality tools that help Svelte developers build robust applications as fast and as easy as possible, with accessibility support._**

What defines **"high-quality"**?

- Straightforward & consistent APIs that don't confuse developers.
- Behave as expected across a wide variety of use-cases without bugs.
- Well-tested behavior with both unit and integration tests.
- Performance cost is minimized.
- Clean and well-documented code that can be used as learning material.
- Fully customizable and configurable.

## 🧱 Contributing

We are always looking for quality contributions! Please check our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## 🙏 Thanks

This project is heavily inspired by the following awesome projects.

- [React Aria](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-aria/index.html)
- [Radix](https://www.radix-ui.com)
- [VueUse](https://vueuse.org)
- [Zag](https://zagjs.com)
- [Angular CDK](https://material.angular.io/cdk/categories)

## 📄 License

Licensed under the MIT License, Copyright© 2022-present

Commit message:

docs(repo): add link to demo site in README

README.md, after:

# Grail UI

[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@grail-ui/svelte)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@grail-ui/svelte)
[![minified](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@grail-ui/svelte)](https://bundlephobia.com/package/@grail-ui/svelte)
[![minified + zipped](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@grail-ui/svelte)](https://bundlephobia.com/package/@grail-ui/svelte)

Grail UI offers a set of component primitives, actions and utilities that help you build accessible and high quality Svelte applications faster, while providing a great developer experience.
You can use it as the base of your design system and your component library, or adopt it incrementally inside your application.

## 🎪 Usage & Demo

For documentation and interactive demos, visit [https://grail-ui.vercel.app](https://grail-ui.vercel.app)

## ✨Features

- Accessible
- Composable
- Unstyled
- Uncontrolled
- Tiny
- Tree shakeable
- Fully typed
- SSR Friendly
- Performant

## 🏆 Vision

This project has one primary goal:

**_Provide high-quality tools that help Svelte developers build robust applications as fast and as easy as possible, with accessibility support._**

What defines **"high-quality"**?

- Straightforward & consistent APIs that don't confuse developers.
- Behave as expected across a wide variety of use-cases without bugs.
- Well-tested behavior with both unit and integration tests.
- Performance cost is minimized.
- Clean and well-documented code that can be used as learning material.
- Fully customizable and configurable.

## 🧱 Contributing

We are always looking for quality contributions! Please check our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## 🙏 Thanks

This project is heavily inspired by the following awesome projects.

- [React Aria](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-aria/index.html)
- [Radix](https://www.radix-ui.com)
- [VueUse](https://vueuse.org)
- [Zag](https://zagjs.com)
- [Angular CDK](https://material.angular.io/cdk/categories)

## 📄 License

Licensed under the MIT License, Copyright© 2022-present
